Add AGENTS.md agent guidance with CLAUDE.md symlink (#787)
ultralytics/actions: AGENTS.md

- **`openai_utils.py`** — AI provider abstraction supporting OpenAI and Anthropic. The provider/model is auto-detected from which API key env var is set; defaults live here as single source of truth (`OPENAI_MODEL_DEFAULT`, `ANTHROPIC_MODEL_DEFAULT`, `PR_REVIEW_MODEL_DEFAULT`, `MODEL_COSTS`). Also holds shared prompt-building and response sanitization.
- **`common_utils.py`** — URL/redirect checking, diff filtering, file-skip patterns, HTML comment removal.
- **`version_utils.py`** — PyPI/pub.dev version checks used for publish gating.

Everything reusable is re-exported through `actions/utils/__init__.py` — import from `actions.utils`, and keep `__all__` updated when adding exports.

Self-hosting detail: when a workflow runs inside `ultralytics/actions` itself, `action.yml` installs the package from the current git branch (not PyPI/main), so PRs here dogfood their own changes via `.github/workflows/format.yml`.

The package version lives in `actions/__init__.py` (`__version__`); publishing to PyPI is gated on version bumps (`publish.yml`).

## Conventions

> - Every file starts with the header `# Ultralytics 🚀 AGPL-3.0 License - https://ultralytics.com/license` (enforced by `ultralytics-actions-headers`).

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: This guidance is broader than the actual header tool behavior: `actions/update_file_headers.py` only processes extensions in `COMMENT_MAP` and does not include `.md`, and existing Markdown files like `README.md` do not start with this header. As written, agents may incorrectly add license headers to Markdown files or expect the check to enforce them. Narrow this to supported source/config files or remove the enforcement claim for all files.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- Supported source/config files start with the header `# Ultralytics 🚀 AGPL-3.0 License - https://ultralytics.com/license` where applicable (enforced by `ultralytics-actions-headers` for extensions in `actions/update_file_headers.py`).
```
